ttyctl: add page (#21365)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/ttyctl.md

# ttyctl

> Freeze or unfreeze the terminal (tty) settings in Zsh.
> When frozen, external programs cannot alter terminal settings.
> More information: <https://zsh.sourceforge.io/Doc/Release/Shell-Builtin-Commands.html>.

> - Freeze the terminal to prevent external programs from changing its settings:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [f]reeze the terminal to prevent external programs from changing its settings:
```
https://github.com/tldr-pages/tldr/blob/main/contributing-guides/style-guide.md#example-descriptions
